Agaricus
almond_mushroom
Amanita
Amanita citrina
Amanita muscaria
Amanita pantherina
Amanita rubescens
amanita_gemmata
amethyst_chanterelle
amethyst_deceiver
aniseed_funnel
Apioperdon pyriforme
Armillaria borealis
Artomyces pyxidatus
ascot_hat
bay_bolete
bearded_milkcap
beechwood_sickener
beefsteak_fungus
birch_polypore
birch_woodwart
bitter_beech_bolete
bitter_bolete
Bjerkandera adusta
blackening_brittlegill
blackening_polypore
blackening_waxcap
black_bulgar
black_morel
blue_roundhead
blushing_bracket
blushing_rosette
blushing_wood_mushroom
Boletus
Boletus edulis
Boletus reticulatus
bovine_bolete
bronze_bolete
brown_birch_bolete
brown_rollrim
bruising_webcap
butter_cap
Calocera viscosa
Calycina citrina
Cantharellus cibarius
cauliflower_fungus
cedarwood_waxcap
Cerioporus squamosus
Cetraria islandica
chanterelle
charcoal_burner
chestnut_bolete
chicken_of_the_woods
Chlorociboria aeruginascens
Chondrostereum purpureum
cinnamon_bracket
Cladonia fimbriata
Cladonia rangiferina
Cladonia stellaris
Clitocybe nebularis
clouded_agaric
clustered_domecap
Coltricia perennis
common_bonnet
common_inkcap
common_morel
common_puffball
common_rustgill
Coprinellus disseminatus
Coprinellus micaceus
Coprinopsis atramentaria
Coprinus comatus
Cortinarius
crimped_gill
crimson_waxcap
Crucibulum laeve
cucumber_cap
curry_milkcap
Daedaleopsis confragosa
Daedaleopsis tricolor
deadly_fibrecap
deadly_webcap
deathcap
deer_shield
destroying_angel
devils_bolete
dog_stinkhorn
dryads_saddle
dusky_puffball
dyers_mazegill
earthballs
egghead_mottlegill
elfin_saddle
Entoloma
Evernia mesomorpha
Evernia prunastri
fairy_ring_champignons
false_chanterelle
false_deathcap
false_morel
false_saffron_milkcap
fenugreek_milkcap
field_blewit
field_mushroom
Flammulina velutipes
fleecy_milkcap
fly_agaric
Fomes fomentarius
Fomitopsis betulina
Fomitopsis pinicola
fools_funnel
fragrant_funnel
freckled_dapperling
frosted_chanterelle
funeral_bell
Ganoderma applanatum
geranium_brittlegill
giant_funnel
giant_puffball
glistening_inkcap
golden_bootleg
golden_scalycap
golden_waxcap
Graphis scripta
greencracked_brittlegill
grey_knight
grey_spotted_amanita
grisettes
Gyromitra esculenta
Gyromitra gigas
Gyromitra infula
hairy_curtain_crust
heath_waxcap
hedgehog_fungus
hen_of_the_woods
Hericium coralloides
honey_fungus
hoof_fungus
horn_of_plenty
horse_mushroom
Hygrocybe
Hygrophoropsis aurantiaca
Hypholoma fasciculare
Hypholoma lateritium
Hypogymnia physodes
Imleria badia
inky_mushroom
Inonotus obliquus
jelly_ears
jelly_tooth
jubilee_waxcap
king_alfreds_cakes
Kuehneromyces mutabilis
Lactarius
Lactarius deliciosus
Lactarius torminosus
Lactarius turpis
Laetiporus sulphureus
larch_bolete
Leccinum albostipitatum
Leccinum aurantiacum
Leccinum scabrum
Leccinum versipelle
leccinum_albostipitatum
Lepista nuda
liberty_cap
lilac_bonnet
lilac_fibrecap
lions_mane
Lobaria pulmonaria
lurid_bolete
Lycoperdon perlatum
Macrolepiota procera
macro_mushroom
magpie_inkcap
meadow_waxcap
medusa_mushroom
Merulius tremellosus
morel
mosaic_puffball
Mushrooms
Mutinus ravenelii
Nectria cinnabarina
oak_bolete
oak_mazegill
oak_polypore
ochre_brittlegill
old_man_of_the_woods
orange_birch_bolete
orange_bolete
orange_grisette
orange_peel_fungus
oyster_mushroom
pale_oyster
Panellus stipticus
panthercap
parasol
Parmelia sulcata
parrot_waxcap
pavement_mushroom
Paxillus involutus
Peltigera aphthosa
Peltigera praetextata
penny_bun
peppery_bolete
pestle_puffball
Phaeophyscia orbicularis
Phallus impudicus
Phellinus igniarius
Phellinus tremulae
Phlebia radiata
Pholiota aurivella
Pholiota squarrosa
Physcia adscendens
pine_bolete
pink_waxcap
Platismatia glauca
Pleurotus ostreatus
Pleurotus pulmonarius
plums_and_custard
poison_pie
poplar_bell
poplar_fieldcap
porcelain_fungus
powdery_brittlegill
Pseudevernia furfuracea
purple_brittlegill
red_belted_bracket
red_cracking_bolete
Rhytisma acerinum
rooting_bolete
rooting_shank
root_rot
rosy_bonnet
ruby_bolete
Russula
saffron_milkcap
Sarcomyxa serotina
Sarcoscypha austriaca
Sarcosoma globosum
scaly_wood_mushroom
scarletina_bolete
scarlet_caterpillarclub
scarlet_elfcup
scarlet_waxcap
Schizophyllum commune
semifree_morel
sepia_bolete
shaggy_bracket
shaggy_inkcap
shaggy_parasol
shaggy_scalycap
sheathed_woodtuft
silky_rosegill
silverleaf_fungus
slender_parasol
slimy_waxcap
slippery_jack
smoky_bracket
snakeskin_grisette
snowy_waxcap
spectacular_rustgill
splendid_waxcap
splitgill
spotted_toughshank
spring_fieldcap
Stereum hirsutum
stinkhorn
stinking_dapperling
Stropharia aeruginosa
stubble_rosegill
stump_puffball
st_georges_mushroom
suede_bolete
Suillus
Suillus granulatus
Suillus grevillei
Suillus luteus
sulphur_tuft
summer_bolete
tawny_funnel
tawny_grisette
terracotta_hedgehog
the_blusher
the_deceiver
the_goblet
the_miller
the_prince
the_sickener
thimble_morel
Trametes hirsuta
Trametes ochracea
Trametes versicolor
Tremella mesenterica
Trichaptum biforme
Tricholomopsis rutilans
tripe_fungus
trooping_funnel
truffles
tuberous_polypore
turkey_tail
Urnula craterium
velvet_shank
vermillion_waxcap
Verpa bohemica
Vulpicida pinastri
warted_amanita
weeping_widow
white_dapperling
white_domecap
white_false_death_cap
white_fibrecap
white_saddle
winter_chanterelle
woodland_inkcap
wood_blewit
wood_mushroom
woolly_milkcap
wrinkled_peach
Xanthoria parietina
yellow_false_truffle
yellow_foot_waxcap
yellow_stagshorn
yellow_stainer
yellow_swamp_brittlegill
